# Coursework 2.1 - Problem specification 

## Introduction 


## Overview 

We will be developing a mobile geo location photo guesser application. This allows users to interact with the real world by bridging the gap between physical and augmented reality. As technology advances at a rapid pace, there is a constant need to update and deliver content in a new innovative direction.

We allow customers to immerse themselves in a different environment. Allowing them to interact with one another in a natural setting. This encourages them to interact with their surroundings in a unique way. 

## Requirement Research

In this chapter, we'll look at the functional and non-functional system requirements of 'Where Am I,' by using requirement elicitation and analysis. By using elicitation we are able to choose specific demographics and target them to derive the systems requirements, design, development, testing and evaluation of the project.

For the elicitation of the user requirements, we used surveys to gather information, as we felt it was the most appropriate method to collect data for our application. We decided on a target audience according to web based research that showed people aged 18-29 used social media the most out of any other demographic. As large as 84% of that demographic use at least one social networking site, making them a perfect target audience for our social application. 

However, in order to be inclusive, we distributed the study survey to a broad array of individuals in order to collect as much knowledge as we could. The interactions between a few people are shown below, along with observations and comparisons of the platforms they use currently.

> https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSekEqomW-PIu-YEoVHwokoz6TczZY5lJJXyFSbYRpVzXDxxeg/viewform?usp=sf_link


## Details Of Requirements Gathering


## Functional Requirements

We are using a ranking system with the attached level of necessity priority scorecard to rate each requirement by status and value. This allows us to assess whether a particular requirement is critical to the project's success.

## Functional Requirements Analysis 

1. Everyone will have free access to the system. This should allow people to view the system without the need to create an account. Unfortunately, there will be restrictions, thus making an account is advised. Anyone who has trouble using the website should be able to contact assistance for support. We will test this by browsing the website from mobile devices, PCs with various operating systems, and so on.

2. Users may use various devices, therefore the website must be accessible on any device at any time. 

3. Users who access the system will have visibility to their friends' posts, but only from that day / time period. They will be unable to view previous posts. Furthermore, friends will only be able to read posts from users with whom they are engaged with 

4. Upon logging into the user's account, the security system will instantly launch and offer the user with authentication, and a code will be sent via email, phone, or SMS, to validate the user. This should keep unauthorised users from accessing accounts. To determine if our security system is enough, we will use brute force to obtain access to an account and observe if the user authentication appears to prevent access.

5. Users will need an account to access their personal information,  messages, friend requests, photos and the location in where the image was taken. Any received updates will be communicated via a notification system. We will verify this by creating our own accounts on the application and then exploring all of the features to ensure that everything works as expected.

6. Users viewing the system will have access to all of the photos that their friends have shared, with the exception of the place in which the photo was captured. Which they will have to guess based on the hints and the image itself. All connected users will be able to see eachothers images; discussions will be held via a personal messaging system.

## Non Functional Requirements 

| NON- FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENTS  | MEASURABLE |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| COMPATIBILITY & PORTABILITY  | The revolution of mobile devices and technology means that the design of applications has advanced rapidly. This is due to the different screen sizes, hardware, desktop resolution and orientation of the device. Flutter allows you to create apps that self-adapt to the device's at hand. The application will use responsive UI development techniques. To ensure that this requirement is complete we will open the application on different devices including computers, laptops, phones, tablets, etc. |
| COMPLIANCE  | N/A  |
| USABILITY |By creating a consumer-tailored interface, the programme will have a user interface that truly meets the demands of the users. We will enable users to explore the application relatively quickly by simplifying digital interaction. To validate the user interface, we will conduct tests with students outside our groups, but in our demographic. We will collect comments in order to improve our platform.   |
| SECURITY |As a business, we must organise and classify data correctly. By weighing the risks related to the user inputs, this enables the applications to safeguard sensitive data. When users post a picture, we will ensure that only the necessary information is stored alongside it. For example the clues, answers and exact location of the picture. Not the user's personal information such as username, password or address. This allows sensitive data to be treated confidentially and not displayed publicly on the mobile application. Making the software resilient in the face of attacks. |
| MAINTAINABILITY |  N\A |
| LOCALISAZTION | N\A | 
